hello and welcome back to outside xbox
at eurogamer expo 2013 now one of the
games that's been attracting the longest
queues of the entire weekend has been
titanfall from respawn entertainment
Mike you don't get a chance to players
at Gamescom so this has been your first
experience with titanfall what were your
first impressions yeah I really good
actually I mean people have been
describing as a sort of religious
experience I don't know if it I was
quite that sort of in all but very very
enjoyable very different from called GC
I think that's the main vibe that people
have been getting as they come and play
it because a lot of people are expecting
it to be modern warfare 2 but with giant
robots and actually it's a lot more
complex than that really enjoyed the
smart pistol I think if you complain
about campus normally you're going to
have a nightmare with these guys because
I was spending a lot of time inside the
building one of the advantages to being
a pilot is you can go inside buildings
where Dyson Titans can't and so I was
hiding in the building and just kind of
popping out in each we're known seeing
if I was getting a lock on something and
then if I was kind of swinging the
pistol round and then nailing them so
that was really good fun I'd really like
the change in scale between going from
being a pilot to being a Titan the level
kind of almost changes completely
because you're much bigger and you're
much sort of less able to sneak through
smaller so valley ways and things like
that I was struggling a little bit with
the freerunning but enjoying it when I
when I got it right because it feels
really really good if you kind of run up
a wall and bounced to another one and
stuff it's probably not the same as
mirrors edge it's kind of a more safer I
take with jetpacks and stuff
yeah for me like the navigation as a
pilot is one of the the big draws being
able to double drum being able to wall
run it's kind of like you say it
introduces a whole new level of
verticality that you don't have in
something like modern warfare so that
was great and just the everything to do
with having a Titan it's brilliant
calling a tightening is awesome because
they come rocketing out the sky getting
in the Titan is amazing because the
screens come online sequentially so
you're kind of fills in the vision
around you and then ejecting out of a
Titan is I think one of the most
exciting things I've ever done in a
video game as i said in Germany just
ejecting out and then if you can land on
another Titan take him out there I've
never felt like such a badass this
amazing
what did you think about the the balance
between the pilots and the titans you
think they've hit the right level I
think works pretty well it's really
difficult to I assumed you just be able
to charge around on a tight and just
stomp all over the pilots but actually
because they're so I John because
they've got more of the run of the level
as it were it does feel like you know
you can you can turn around the corner
and see a Titan and not immediately feel
like you're going to be obliterated
obviously if there is a heavy you know
high explosives Titan firing those like
sort of spiraling rockets at you then
you are in some trouble but there's
always a place to duck into or like a
you know building or or something like
that so I felt like it was it was kind
of balance and do a melee kill with a
titan on a on a human that's pretty good
just so picks them up and just a rag
dolls I'm off into the distance I didn't
manage that I did like a one-point there
are three Titans in a sort of three way
Triple Threat fistfight all sort of
flailing around at each other but yeah
there's a real sense of weight to them
in a real sense of kind of like they
don't they feel restrictive which is I
think the the the great benefit that
that thing of change in scale means that
they still feel agile but just on a
larger scale sorry there's a double jump
move that the time I was easy to do
weights or dashes to the side he'll do
like a quick dash left and right which
is really good for avoiding by a heavy
weapon Titan yeah there I i assume there
was just one sort of type of Titan with
maybe a few load actions but actually
they've got different classes and things
like I was playing a lot with the
explosives on just cuz I like blowing
things up so I'm but they they're really
really good fun to play and yet never
feel restrictive never feel like legend
even though the pilots themselves are
super agile and I really like the little
sort of storyline bits that are dropped
in the voiceover and stuff and you know
in the match I was playing we lost and
you had to kind of get to the dropship
and I love the way it's kind of like all
right you know it's time time to blow
this like you've got just a small
epilogue it's kind of extra dash for
just that little bit of extra XP you can
still save a little bit of face if
you're on the losing team yeah exactly
like a way you know we lost the game but
at least you escapes and we'll live to
fight another day all right
battles over take it to any losses ball
back and secure the evac point for
extraction man what's your status we got
Barker we're clear but just barely
back on the red-eye that's their
titanfall massive keys for it down here
on the show floor at eurogamer expo 2013
we've been outside xbox thanks for
watching